com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyChatBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyChatBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.BuildConfig
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityStudentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityStudentHomeBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminGroupCreateBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminGroupCreateBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminStudentRequestBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminStudentRequestBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyChatFacultyBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyChatFacultyBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityStudentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityStudentProfileBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminAddFacultyBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminAddFacultyBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/SelectedPeopleBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.SelectedPeopleBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ImageToRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ImageToRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyProfileBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyProfileBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminFacultyChatBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminFacultyChatBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminStudentChatBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminStudentChatBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityStudentChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityStudentChangePasswordBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ChatFromRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ChatFromRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyHomeBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyHomeBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminHomeBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminHomeBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/UserRowNewMsgBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.UserRowNewMsgBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyNewMessageBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyNewMessageBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ChatToRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ChatToRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivitySelectUserTypeBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivitySelectUserTypeBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/GroupCreateRowsBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.GroupCreateRowsBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ImageFromRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ImageFromRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/NavHeader2Binding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.NavHeader2Binding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/PdfFromRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.PdfFromRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/FacLatestMessageRowBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.FacLatestMessageRowBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/NavHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.NavHeaderBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacultyGroupChatBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacultyGroupChatBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminReviewBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminReviewBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityFacChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityFacChangePasswordBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminFinilizeGroupBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminFinilizeGroupBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityAdminAddAdminBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityAdminAddAdminBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/NavHeader3FacBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.NavHeader3FacBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/collegeconnect/databinding/ActivityStudentNewMessageBinding.java
 com.example.collegeconnect.databinding.ActivityStudentNewMessageBinding
